- [[Morning Journal]] [[Health]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Woke:: at 6:45. Had a nice cuddle with Reagan and Buda.
	- Body:: Feeling better than previous 2-3 days. Not so stiff and sore upon waking. Loosened up pretty well in the first hour.
	- energy:: After taking Iron pills again for the past 2 days, after a week without, my energy levels up about %25 from 3 days ago.
	- mood:: Good. Not stressed. Feeling stable and in control, without too much ego.
	- vitamins:: been taking vitamin c and iron the past 2 days. It is helping. Took all vitamins today
	- energy_contributors:: Iron, Vit C, Water, Sun, Vegetables
	- Overall feeling good. Positive. Not excited, but a calm security. Seems fine. Keep an eye on the breath.
		- Think maybe of the breath as 'whitenoise'  to rest on, while the world moves around a seeming centre, that is "your ego"
		-
- Called #Robbin for the first time since our fight at Christmas. Keep #Family close
- #Tilley's birthday(#Paula+Lou's #Dog, English Brown Lab)
  collapsed:: true
  SCHEDULED: <2023-03-05 Sun
	- Paula and Lou brought coffee and bagels along with herring for BUDA
- DONE [[Reagan]] [[Working]]   work schedule - Enter in dates to logseq journal
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-03-05 Sun 11:35:48]--[2023-03-05 Sun 11:35:52] =>  00:00:04
  :END:
	- #Thought Use journal in Logseq as Calendar
	-
	- Monday: off 
	  id:: 6404b785-3f92-4596-bf42-a9a6ef0bb139
	  Tuesday: 11-8
	  Wednesday: work from home
	  Thursday:8-5
	  Friday: off
	  Saturday: 12-9
	  Sunday: 8-5
- [[Watched]] "How did Steve Jobs deceive the whole world?" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LONV44TE_A
  collapsed:: true
	- The video was informative, but the title was click-bait. No 'deception' was mentioned.
- #Thought What if 'money' isn't the driver of all human motivation, but something else. I.E. the constant focus on driving technology forward. The ultimate goal being recreating what we believe to be ourselves.
- DONE Figure out free way to sync Logseq with iPhone and other devices
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-03-05 Sun 12:23:55]--[2023-03-05 Sun 12:23:57] =>  00:00:02
  :END:
- [[Groceries]]
	- #Broccoli
	- #Dried_Prunes
- #Jogging for 15-20 mins with #Buda on #Level2
- #Going out [[Mar 12th, 2023]] @17:30 w/ #Reagan friends to Joey's for #dinner
- LATER #Install [[Mar 6th, 2023]] #Everything" file explorer application that lists all files and folders on your system.
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-03-05 Sun 15:38:00]
  :END:
	- check if this is allowed
- [[Therapy]] [[Essential Oils]]
	- Used #Peppermint [[Essential Oils]]  on my #neck, #feet, #head and #back for #Pain 17:01
- [[Listened]] to #Robert_Adams #Meditation #Balance 16:03
	- #Robert_Adams #track::'910321'
- DONE Dispose of #printer
- Shower
- Murdaugh Mystery
-
- [[Definition]] #Sulphates are compounds derived from sulphuric acid and are used as preservatives, emulsifiers, and enhancers. In food, they are most commonly found in foods containing dried fruit, beer, wine, bread, cheese, processed meats, and ready-made salads. Their purpose is to keep bacteria and yeast from growing, to preserve food color, to improve the texture and look of certain foods, and to keep certain foods from sticking together.
- DONE Take #Buda for a #walk [[Mar 6th, 2023]] in the #cemetery
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2023-03-05 Sun 20:01:40]--[2023-03-05 Sun 20:01:40] =>  00:00:00
  :END:
-