- #[[Morning Journal]] This morning I woke feeling tired and soar. My lower back felt tight. This was likely due to the 2 bowls of oats, cream and white sugar that I ate right before bed. It seems to cause bloating and gas in my stomach. This in turn makes my stomach bloat, pulling my lower back tight.
  Time to drink water and get the gas out.
  Yesterday was a pretty health day. Smoothie, soup, water, 11k steps, stretching and massaging. It does seem though, that the days when I lay down and relax, stretch and have a nice bath, that my body is less strong the next day. When I work the body, pushing it to do more outdoor walks, not take a nap and keep moving in general - I seem more rested and less soar the following day.
  Today is Monday. The week closed out pretty well, though I do have some outstanding tasks to complete. There is one task that has come back after releasing what we thought to be the complete fix, to production. However it has been reported by Carol that the Motion Faults are still generating Work Orders when the main fault is present. 
  Feeling tired, but ok.
  Remember to remember: each morning breathing deeply helps to get digestion moving. Get the engine running early to improve overall health throughout the day.
-
- Low walking this morning
- Had 3 eggs, a black coffee, water and Starbucks double smoked bacon sandwich with americano
- 12:33 took 1 Advil and one Tylenol arthritis
	- also put a heat patch on my right upper butt and lower back
- Currently waiting  for Rogers Install scheduled between 11:00-14:00
-