- sent email to scribe re downgrading my subscription to the free service
	- Hi Scribe Team,
	  Unfortunately, I haven’t been able to make use of the Scribe service as I had hoped. I do plan to try it again when I have more time to work on my documents, but for now I would like to downgrade my subscription to the free version.
	  0Thank you in advance for your assistance.
- Git Hub and command centre
- Test 123
- Here are words that are typed on the new keyboard. I seem to be able to track where the keys are pretty well. It has been a while since I've worked on a mechanical keyboard but it seems nice.
- I  like the change and the active response of the keys. I can hear more when things are clicking, at it were. *the keys are very clicky* '-'
- I like the volume control knob. It has a good build, along with the full keyboard itself. No uneven key responses. My hands seem to understand the key layout. It will have to go on a full test run tomorrow, with an actual workload and not just me rambling on here.
  id:: 6937590a-1fe1-4926-8b44-0169eb70dcbe
- Dinner time.
- ˙I wonder how much time it will take me to get used to the difference in pressure needed for each keystroke. I don't think it's slowing my typing down, but i think I will get even faster on this one than I was on the mx keys.
- Currently downloading the movie Friendship.
- The sound of my keyboard may become annoying to those who I am on calls with
- We shall see
- I have also plugged the keyboard in for best response time. While using the mx keys i did feel like I lost connection once in a while, but somehow got used to it. I wonder what the impact of not having to cope with that issue will have on my typing speed. Though I do seem to be messing up almost ever word at the moment. :/